Go to www.beadaholique.com to purchase beading supplies and to get design ideas!
Hi this is Julie with Beadaholique.com
and today I'm gonna show you how to make
Talia earring. This is actually a
complete kit
from Beadaholique.com and I want to show you how to make it
so I've already used half the ingredients in the kit to make the first earring
and then I'll show you how to do it with the
other half. So this is a large hole
pandora style bead. This is a faceted
glass Czech glass bead
there are two bead aligners, actually in
the kit there's going be four
but I already used two on in the first earring that I made
you've got these small little bead caps, a couple little bicone beads,
a head pin, and an earring hook. In terms of the tools that you are going to need
is a pair a chain nose pliers, a round nose pliers
and a cutter. So to make this it's actually
quite
easy to do. Take one of your small bead caps
and place it onto the head pin in the upward direction
then add a bicone, a bead aligner
facing up your large hole bead
another bead aligner, that keeps that in place there
another bicone and finally
one more bead cap. So you just sandwiched
all those pieces together
and now you need to secure them. To do
that we're going to make a wrapped wire
loop
so right about your last bead cap go
ahead and grip your wire
with your chain nose pliers, bend the
wire
at a 90 degree angle, grab your round nose
pliers
and grab onto that wire and twist
it over the top of the round nose pliers
reposition your pliers so that you're
gripping it from the top
and continue making your loop
so you got that right now
so now we need to make our wrappings. To do so you're gonna grab the of top your loop
with your chain nose pliers
you can use another pair a chain nose, a
round nose or
I actually like to just use my fingers to do the wrapping
on the backside
go ahead and trim off your excess wire
now point this in a direction where it's not
going to go flying at someone
or actually you can just put your finger
over that little nub and trap it there
now you want to secure our wrappings and
make them a little bit more neat and
tidy so we're gonna take our chain nose
squish that rough wire end down
look at it from the front
if you need to you can also grab your
wire
press it, tighten it up a little bit
now we need to add the earring hook
to do so open up the base loop of the ring
hook
slip your wire loop
over it and twist it back. You don't want to pull it out of shape or twist it
and you've made the Talia
earring set.
Go to www.beadaholique.com to purchase beading supplies and to get design ideas!